---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# 2.0.0

Breaking changes introduced with nut.js version 2.0.0

## ImageFinder Providers

`@nut-tree/nut-js` introduced a plugin system and no longer ships image matching code by default.
To use image matching functionality one will have to install an additional package, providing the actual implementation to perform image comparison.
Otherwise, all functions relying on image matching will throw an error like `Error: No ImageFinder registered`.

One available option would be `@nut-tree/template-matcher`:

If you want to keep using your existing setup, install a suitable provider, e.g. above mentioned package.

```bash
npm i @nut-tree/template-matcher
```

To use this provider package, simply require it in your code, e.g. `index.js`:

```js {2}
const { screen } = require("@nut-tree/nut-js");
require("@nut-tree/template-matcher"); // THIS IS NEW
```

## `Screen.find`

### Template Images

Template images are no longer loaded from `screen.config.resourceDirectory` by default.
Instead, an [`Image`](../datatypes/image.md) has to be passed.

If you want to keep using your existing setup, you can wrap the image filename in a call to [`imageResource`](../tutorial-screen/template-images.md#loading-images-from-resource-directory).

```js
// Pre 2.0.0
const image = await screen.find("file.png");

// 2.0.0
const image = await screen.find(imageResource("file.png"));
```

## `Screen.waitFor`

### Template Images

Template images are no longer loaded from `screen.config.resourceDirectory` by default.
Instead, an [`Image`](../datatypes/image.md) has to be passed.

If you want to keep using your existing setup, you can wrap the image filename in a call to [`imageResource`](../tutorial-screen/template-images.md#loading-images-from-resource-directory).

```js
// Pre 2.0.0
const image = await screen.waitFor("file.png", 3000);

// 2.0.0
const image = await screen.waitFor(imageResource("file.png"), 3000);
```

### Configurable interval

The update interval used by `waitFor` used to be fixed to 500ms.

With release 2.0.0, `waitFor` received an additional parameter to configure this interval.

If you want to keep using your existing setup, pass an interval of 500ms to `waitFor`.

```js
// Pre 2.0.0
const image = await screen.waitFor("file.png", 3000, {searchRegion: new Region(100, 100, 100, 100)});

// 2.0.0
const image = await screen.waitFor("file.png", 3000, 500, {searchRegion: new Region(100, 100, 100, 100)});
```

## `LocationParameters`

The `LocationParameters` object has been dropped. Please use [OptionalSearchParameters](https://nut-tree.github.io/apidoc/classes/optionalsearchparameters_class.OptionalSearchParameters.html) instead.